>> Steve Kinney: You could probably guess
what a notepad is just from the name.
It's a place where you keep notes.
The reason that I don't use these as often
anymore is that they are a cursor feature.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Cursor is great, we like Cursor,
we're looking at Cursor right now.
And cursor features
are available to Cursor.
However, let's say I wanted to use that.
OpenAI codecs.
Ain't no notepads there.
Let's say I want to use Claude code.
No notepads there.
Do you know what works everywhere?
Markdown files.
Lot of markdown files.
But there are some nice things
you do in your notepad and
then you can just include that body of
text and then you just reference it.
Like you could reference a file,
but it's not on your file system.
Effectively, I like markdown files
cuz they're on my file system.
I can check them to version control.
I can share between tools.
Nice part about these is
they're not on my file system.
Not checked into version control.
Figure out what you need.
I these days tend to use
more of the markdown files.
But like, I also work on
a project by myself these days for
the last three months.
And I think that if I was checking
in random markdown files into git
all the time, my teammates would kill me.
So your mileage may vary.
There are good parts or
there are bad parts.
There are bad parts, are there good parts?
You can add them and
include them in the context.
You can edit them.
You can also do Cmd+Shift+P and add more.
You give them a good name.
You can pull them into the context.
They are ephemeral to your environment.
A lot of these tools have, again,
we saw those user rules versus
project rules and all those things.
There's a lot of things that you want
checked and shared on your team, but
sometimes you need your personal space.
Sometimes you need just the things.
It's like the debate that has
raged on in every engineering
team that I've ever worked on is,
do you check VS code into git?
Not here to answer it.
I've been on both sides.
I've not even been
consistent over the years.
It's like, if I like the settings,
yes, put them in there.
If I don't like the settings,
they better not be in there.
So it's basically, am I the boss or not?
So some best practices
use descriptive names.
It's got the same rules for
everything else.
Because again, managing the context
window is the Name of the game.
Rules are always on.
Notepads effectively are ephemeral.
They're not stored in git.
You can pull them in when you need, but
only when you need,
because tokens aren't free.
Again, even if you think you're
on a plan where they're free,
you are rate limited in some way,
shape or form.
So we can say notepad create and
open a new notepad.
We can argue that you never even have
to reference this one to the AI agent.
This is also nice because if you're not
checking that markdown file into git
because you don't want everyone to see it,
we all know you left it on your desktop,
we all know your desktop is a mess and
you might as well at least have it
in the project or in your editor.
So there's that too.
But again, where I think what's really
important here and where I would say that
using notepads, and we'll see you can do
this with commands in cloud code as well,
is you can ention files.
So let's say, hey, for this one feature,
we've got a reducer over here,
we've got a context API over here,
we've got the test file here, and
maybe we've got a markdown file that
has again, the product requirements for
what we're working on.
You do not want to keep typing that.
If you said something like
look at use calculator and
before doing anything has
the utilities that you need
before making new ones.
You can mention other rules,
you can mention other files.
And now let's give this thing a name.
Where'd it go on my tiny screen?
There it is.
I can do it here we'll say like.
And so now, let's say you have,
and I guess also look at math.
And now you can just do calculator notes,
which you pull in this file and
it will then pull in the other pieces.
So if you have a reusable set of prompt.
Sometimes the Notepad file, again,
advantages, it's not in version control,
it's not on the file system.
Disadvantages, it's not in version
control, it's not in file system.
Hey, today I am working on this thing with
these files I'm prompting all the time.
I'm getting tired of writing this.
You can go ahead and make a note and
then you don't have to keep it.
The other one,
here's one that I have
this as a claude command,
but here's one for
you you can argue this
should be a rule format.
Having it fix your lint errors and
your type check errors.
You can get to the point where it gets
reliable will save you hours a day.